Won the lottery
The lottery ticket you and your daughter bought this afternoon
The bonus is 100 million
This is the biggest award I've won in years
What do you mean, 100 million?
Why is there a problem?
You mean this lottery won 100 million
Yeah. I got it right a couple of times.
If you don't win the lottery
Can I take such big strides and come to him?
Really lottery shop owner
Ah!
I was almost deceived by you dog
You are the actor Song Yang hired, right?
Are you sick?
Don't delay my business
I have to get the prize when the lottery is cashed out
If this lottery ticket is real
That dog thing
Don't you want to be superior to others?
What is the commemorative note for?
What do I want to do?
I don't think this lottery ticket is yours
And you, get out of here
You are talking nonsense.
This lottery ticket is obviously me and Xiaoyuer together
I bought it at the lottery store.
You said you bought it, you bought it.
Do you write your name on it?
Manager Yin, what do you mean?
Of course, to destroy your hope
Let you only lie at the bottom of society for the rest of your life
You must stop being a dog to Lao Tzu for the rest of your life